chore(blog): add february summary (#3735)
asyncapi/website: markdown/blog/2025-february-summary.md

---
title: "Monthly Community Update: February 2025"
date: 2025-03-03T06:00:00+01:00
type: Communication
tags:
  - Project Status
cover: /img/posts/2025-blog-banner/banner-february.webp
authors:
  - name: Thulisile Sibanda
    photo: /img/avatars/thulieblack.webp
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/v-thulisile-sibanda/
    byline: Community Builder and Open Source Fanatic!
excerpt: 'AsyncAPI community status and project updates for February 2025'
featured: true
---

> It's been a busy few weeks in the community, and we are establishing an organizational structure as we continue to grow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's been busy few weeks in the community, and we are establishing an organizational structure as we continue to grow. 
```

Author: Rohit, that's not grammatically correct. 

It's been a busy few weeks. Is correct text

[We now have the Community Working Group](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/annual-goals/2025_Community_Goals.md#community-working-group-umbrella), which serves as an umbrella for the initiatives and programs under AsyncAPI while increasing visibility for our community builder's efforts to sustain the community. 

In light of that, we are also discussing the introduction of a Governance Board to replace the Executive Director position with a board of 3 to 5 members. 

> The board aims to share community responsibilities, reduce the risk of key-person dependency (bus factor), and work towards sustaining the community in the long term. [Please participate in this discussion and share your thoughts and ideas on establishing our first AsyncAPI Governance Board](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/pull/1634).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The board aims to share community responsibilities, reduce the risk of key-person dependency (bus factor), and work towards sustaining the community in the long term. [You are welcome to participate in this discussion, share your thoughts and ideas on establishing our first AsyncAPI Governance Board](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/pull/1634), your thoughts and suggestions are much appreciated.
```
